well it's all about this fish composting
yes it's a from no doubt it's got
barking it I buy it just get its bark
and fish guts basically it's two years
old they pile it whatever I can afford
to use it for it's uh it doesn't have
weed seed in it which is a big bonus but
I use it mostly for tomatoes I'm just
doing it gonna do a little light
dressing now we're where I'm putting in
a few peas and and I can use it for
onions too but I gotta make sure I leave
enough for the tomatoes I'm not gonna do
a lot it's the same compost not only
it's sort of like Omri certified which
is organic materials research something
or other but the best part about it is
this was its tests really high there's
an outfit back east I forget what
they're called right now woods woods
hole or something like that it's a
compost testing site and the game
carries compost tea basically the
highest reading there was for compost so
that's pretty good yeah they're a
reasonable part of my business they're
also there I'm sort of a big part of me
it's kind of what it's what I do I make
more money sometimes doing other things
but
I always come back to growing lots of
different kinds of tomatoes I started
out I don't know 1974 and I decided I
wanted to grow a tomato inside a
greenhouse it tasted like it was growing
outside I think I pretty well got away
with that and over the years and now I
like to grow them outside even more than
in the greenhouse because it's a I get
to rotate around the field which i think
is pretty healthy